Q how to secure an application from hacking?
A. fronted : 
        authentication :
        authorization :
        xss protection : inject and execute malicious code so first sanitize then display
        csrf protection : send unwanted req from authenticated user, add csrf token in form, sae site cookie, validate origin/refrer
        api security : https + auth header 
        hide sensitive data
        form data validation
        uplaod validation 
        error handling
    server : 
        https : 
        request origin validate and block unwanted 
        firewall        
    backend : 
        data and uplaod validation
        authetication/authrization 
        sql injection protection
        rate limiting 
        logging and monitoring of req/actions and errors
    database : 
        user authentication
        soft delete data, no delete and truncate permission
        encrypt sensitive data like password
        db backups

Q. what is saas?
A. SaaS = Software as a Service
    It is a software delivery model where you use software over the internet instead of installing and maintaining it on your own computer/server.
    Simple example : Instead of installing Microsoft Outlook and maintaining an email server yourself, you can use Gmail through a browser.

Q. explain cdn, its full form and work
A. cdn stand for "content delivery network". 
    supose we hosted website in america and user is access it from india.
    no data has to travel from ameria to india.
    so cdn is uses to load data faster
    we keep static data, files, images, css, js, font etc to user's nearby server so that it loads faster.
    we use cdn server commonly for cached content.

    CDN = copies of your website's static content stored closer to your users.

Q. how to restrict call from other locations 
A. restrict access on server that it will allow access only from particular IP

Q. what is cross origin reuqest
A. request made to another domain for resource like css/scripts for execution is called cross request.
    full form - Cross-Origin Resource Sharing
    
Q. what is headers and some examples
A.  HTTP Headers are the meta-data associated with the API request and response. Headers carry information for:
    1. Request and Response Body
    2. Request Authorization
    3. Response Caching 
    4. Response Cookie
    Other than the above categories HTTP headers also carry a lot of other information around HTTP connection types, proxies etc.
    Headers are mostly classified as request headers and response headers, know the major request and response headers.
    like : Cache-Control, Content-Type, Accept-Charset, Authorization, WWW-Authenticate
    
Q. what is rest api
    full form - (representational state transfer) 
     type - (stateless/statefull)
    REST APIs are a common way to connect applications and components in microservices architectures
    Here are some advantages of REST APIs - 
    a. Lightweight - more lightweight than SOAP (Simple Object Access Protocol). create web APIs usually with Extensible Markup Language (XML)
    b. Scalable, 
    c. Flexible, 
    d. Interoperable - can interact with many platforms and languages
    e. Code on demand  -  This can simplify clients by reducing the number of features that need to be pre-implemented

Q. knowledge of aws 


Explain your project in detail.
Q. What was the most challenging part of your project?
A. Nothing get challenging that much, every work done. If its first time than it takes some times but all work done.
    not getting all req at one go, most frustrating and challenging work as per my point of view.

Q. How did you optimize the performance of your application?
A.    do not get too much data in one api , get in small chunks
    use paginations
    use virtualization, load necessary data only 
    error handling 
    handling memory leaks, free memory at end
    use eager loading, cache frequently used data 

How did you handle a critical bug in production?
Debug this JavaScript code and find the issue.
How would you find memory leaks in an Angular application?
How would you test an Angular application?
How do you manage state in a large Angular application?
Describe a time you had a conflict with a teammate.


project development : 
Q. what is agile methodology 
A. Agile is a software development methodology where a project is developed incrementally in small cycles, 
    with continuous customer feedback and frequent delivery of working software.

    Agile is a set of principles for developing software iteratively, getting feedback frequently, 
        collaborating with stakeholders, and adapting to changing requirements.
    It answers: "How should we approach software development?"

Q. sprints methodology 
A. A Sprint is a fixed time-box within Scrum, during which the team works toward a defined goal and produces a usable product increment.
AGILE
  │
  ├── Scrum
  │     └── Sprints
  │

Git hub : 
Q. difference in pull and fetch - both are used to update your local repository with changes from a remote repository.
    git fetch: Only downloads new data from the remote repository. Does not alter your working directory.
    git pull: Downloads new data from the remote repository and merges it into your current branch, potentially altering your working directory.

Q. what is git rebase - it take the commits from your current branch and reapply them on top of another branch.
    command -  1. git checkout feature-branch        2. git rebase main
    Common git rebase Commands
    Start a rebase: git rebase [branch] — Start a rebase with the specified branch.
    Abort a rebase: git rebase --abort — Stop the rebase and return to the previous state.
    Continue after resolving conflicts: git rebase --continue — Continue the rebase process after resolving any conflicts.
    Skip a commit: git rebase --skip — Skip the current commit during a rebase.


